Florida Records Nation’s One-Day Peak for New Virus Cases	The state recorded 15,300 new coronavirus cases on Sunday, easily passing the previous one-day high of 12,274 set at the height of the outbreak in New York in April.
Coronavirus Live Updates: Florida Tops U.S. Record With Over 15,000 New Cases	Florida set a single-day U.S. record with over 15,000 new cases. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos pushes for U.S. schools to reopen.
Pittsburgh Seemed Like a Virus Success Story. Now Cases Are Surging.	Pittsburgh, a sister city to Wuhan, China, saw only modest cases for months. In the last two weeks, cases are suddenly soaring.
Fracking Firms Fail, Rewarding Executives and Raising Climate Fears	Oil and gas companies are hurtling toward bankruptcy, raising fears that wells will be left leaking planet-warming pollutants, with cleanup cost left to taxpayers.
What Donald Trump’s ‘Access Hollywood’ Weekend Says About 2020	On a Friday, the world heard vulgar audio of Mr. Trump boasting about forcing himself on women. By Sunday night, the episode that was supposed to doom him had begun to recede.
Ja’Ron Smith’s Balancing Act: A Black Republican Navigates the Trump White House	As a congressional staff member, Mr. Smith once wore a hoodie in a demonstration on Capitol Hill protesting the death of Trayvon Martin. Now President Trump calls him “my star.”
Trump vs. the Women Who Lead Michigan: A Battle With 2020 Implications	The president has picked fights with Michigan’s governor, attorney general and secretary of state over voting rights and the coronavirus. They haven’t backed down.
Alabama Senate Race: Sessions Faces Voters After Years of Trump Scorn	Tuesday’s runoff election for Senate may finally settle Jeff Sessions’ yearslong standoff with President Trump, as Republicans referee between a native son and a president they admire.
While America Looks Away, Autocrats Crack Down on Digital News Sites	Independent journalism is on the defensive, from Hungary to Malaysia.
The Sunday Read: ‘The Decameron Project’	A series of short stories written in this moment, for this moment.
Sports in a Pandemic Don’t All Stink	Virtual cycling offers lessons for how other sports can appeal to fans leading increasingly digital lives.
David Mitchell’s Vast and Tangled Universe	Daniel Mendelsohn discusses Mitchell’s career and new novel, “Utopia Avenue,” and Maria Konnikova talks about “The Biggest Bluff.”
American Horror, Starring Donald Trump	The coronavirus pandemic is spiraling out of control, largely because of the president himself.
What Trump Wants From Roger Stone	The president needs political help, and who better to give it than his political guru of many decades?
Dear Liberal Arts Students, You Haven’t Been Robbed	The world needs you. Here’s your chance.
Trump’s Shocking Inaction on Russia	Neglecting aggression by Vladimir Putin inevitably invites more of it.
It’s 2022. What Does Life Look Like?	The pandemic could shape the world, much as World War II and the Great Depression did.
Liar, Liar, Nation on Fire	I’m positive that Trump’s toxic.
You Should Start Writing Letters	Zoom calls and texts are emotionally draining, but exchanging handwritten notes can be sublime.
Rename theMilitary Bases That Honor Confederates	The military should rechristen bases named for Confederates. Better options are not hard to find.
I’ve Seen a Future Without Cars, and It’s Amazing	Why do American cities waste so much space on cars?
The Republicans Who Want to Destroy Trump	Their party’s a lost cause. America isn’t.
'Defund the Police,' 'Cancel Rent': The Left Remakes the World	“Defund the police” and “cancel rent” aren’t reforms, but paths to revolution.
The Last Reporter in Town Had One Big Question for His Rich Boss	His newspaper has withered under a hedge fund. His industry was in turmoil even before a pandemic. But Evan Brandt won’t stop chronicling his town.
Carl Reiner, Perfect	The director and funnyman taught Steve Martin about film and comedy, but it’s Reiner’s advice on a completely different subject that he cherishes.
Court Clears Way for First Federal Execution in 17 Years to Proceed	Daniel Lewis Lee is set to be put to death after an appeals panel rejected a suit from his victims’ family members, who said the coronavirus prevented them from traveling to the execution.
11-Year-Old, 2 Teens Killed in Crash at Floyd Bennett Field	Four other teenagers were also injured in the collision, which occurred when the teenage drivers were doing stunts at Floyd Bennett Field, the police said.
ESPN Suspends N.B.A. Reporter for Vulgar Reply to Senator	Adrian Wojnarowski, who is known for his “Woj bombs” of breaking news, emailed a different kind to a U.S. senator.
Graham to Call Mueller to Testify Before Senate Judiciary Committee	The announcement is the latest effort by Senate Republicans to press forward with an election-year bid to discredit the Trump-Russia investigation.
2 Police Officers Are Shot and Killed in McAllen, Texas	The officers were responding to a domestic disturbance call when a man opened fire on them, the authorities said. That man later took his own life.
Fire Breaks Out on U.S.S. Bonhomme Richard in San Diego	A Navy spokesman said that 17 sailors and four civilians were being treated for injuries after a fire and explosion aboard the U.S.S. Bonhomme Richard.
Southside Johnny Brings Live Music Back to the Jersey Shore	With the music venues of the Jersey Shore shut because of the coronavirus, Southside Johnny and the Asbury Jukes staged a drive-in concert.
Poland’s Presidential Election Too Close to Call	President Andrzej Duda leads a conservative government that has fought to control courts and the news media while stoking fear of gay people and foreigners. He was challenged by the liberal mayor of Warsaw.
Are Uber and Lyft Drivers Well Paid? It Depends on the Study	Uber and Lyft hailed a Cornell paper’s conclusion that their drivers make solid wages. But others have questioned the researchers’ approach.
The Greatest Wedding Reception Dance Songs	Wedding D.J.’s share their top tunes that are guaranteed to get all of your guests dancing.
Here Are the U.S. States With Travel Restrictions	A third of states have strict measures in place for visitors, from mandatory testing to quarantine requirements.
What Does it Mean to be ‘At Home’ These Days?	People are experiencing the reopening of the country in different ways in different regions. They are responding to it differently, too.
Should We Be Drinking Less?	Scientists helping to update the latest edition of the Dietary Guidelines for Americans are taking a harder stance on alcohol.
Missing the Partner You See 24/7	How to feel connected when you have nowhere to go.
This Is Theater in 2020. Will It Last? Should It?	Our critics discuss the last four months, which thanks to Zoom (and Meryl Streep) have been full of experimentation and playfulness.
When ‘Keep Your Distance’ Has Been a Way of Life	Quarantine life puts a son’s relationship with his mother into a new light.
In Charlie Kaufman’s Novel, a Comic Hero Is Haunted by a Lost Film	“Antkind,” Kaufman’s hallucinogenic debut novel, features the madcap effort to reconstruct a masterpiece of outsider cinema.
This Salmon Recipe Shines	These dishes celebrate fresh produce and keep it simple for summer eating.
Airborne Coronavirus: What You Should Do Now	How to protect yourself from a virus that may be floating indoors? Better ventilation, for starters. And keep wearing those masks.
This Ancient Sea Creature Builds Its Body With a Whisper, Not a Scream	Unlike vertebrate embryo cells, which signal to each other over long distances, sea squirt embryo cells talk only to those they’re closest to.
Canada’s Sparrows Are Singing a New Song. You’ll Hear It Soon.	Over 20 years, scientists tracked the transformation of the traditional trill of a common bird from western Canada to Ontario.
Does Your Local Doctor Have a Coronavirus Test for You?	Primary care physicians, to whom many anxious patients turn first when their health declines, can’t always provide tests — or answers about where to get them.
Man, 30, Dies After Attending a ‘Covid Party,’ Texas Hospital Says	“I thought this was a hoax,” the man told his nurse, a hospital official said.
Try Spelling Bee	Puzzle throughout the day to see how many words you can find.
The Crossword, Vertex and More	Solve the daily puzzle edited by Will Shortz, or try out other games like the Mini and Letter Boxed.
Try Tiles	Our soothing matching game may help you de-stress.
