"South Korea 'passed the peak' of outbreak, health minister hopes ","South Korea's top public health official
hopes that the country has already gone through the worst of the novel coronavirus outbreak that has infected thousands inside the
country.
Cases grow in the US and northern
Italy goes into lockdown,"The number of cases of the novel coronavirus has risen to more than 108,000 globally, with at least 27,000
cases outside of China, as the economic trauma caused by the outbreak continues to impact global share markets.

N Korea launches 3 projectiles,
South says","North Korea fired at least one unidentified projectile Monday, according to South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff.

The new food capital of the
world,"How did Lima became one of the best culinary destinations on Earth? Gaston Acurio, arguably the chef that made it all happen in
Peru, sits down over fried squid and a traditional ceviche to chew over this culinary success.

 Dubai unveils plans for electric sky pod network,"Travelers in Dubai could soon be enjoying more scenic
routes with the addition of aerial vehicles to the public transport network.
'It's crazy': Panic buying forces
stores to limit purchases of toilet paper and masks,"Rationing supplies. Overwhelmed delivery workers. Toilet paper protected by security
guards.
 Dirty money: The case against using
cash right now,"The ongoing spread of coronavirus is forcing institutions around the world to rethink one particularly germy surface that
most consumers touch every day: cash.
"Nintendo Playstation sold for
$360,000 to original owner of Pets.com","One of last known copies of a video game console that never came to market, the Nintendo
Play Station, sold for $360,000 at auction.
 Elon Musk's brother wants to
transform farming,"Plant-based foods are all the rage right now, and vertical farms are capitalizing on the trend.
'Flying cellphone towers' are bringing
internet to remote areas,"Tech giants including Google and Facebook have spent years trying to figure out how to bring the internet to
billions of people who still lack a reliable connection. Now, an American startup has come up with its own plan.
 US cities are losing 36 million trees
a year. Here's why it matters ,"If you're looking for a reason to care about tree loss, the nation's latest heat wave might be it. Trees can
lower summer daytime temperatures by as much as 10 degrees Fahrenheit, according to a recent study.
= Miami's Little Haiti wasn't a target for
developers. Until the seas started to rise,"
How rich people could help save the
planet from the climate crisis,"Rich people don't just have bigger bank balances and more lavish lifestyles than the rest of us -- they also
have bigger carbon footprints.
 "'Beauty is complicated,' says
provocative photographer","Beauty is often thought of in relation to fashion and femininity. Its construct in pop culture is something that
I've always tried to work with in different ways in relation to my work as a photographer. Beauty is complicated; it's an individual response
to how we live our lives -- but it can also encompass kindness and compassion.
= What the kimono's wide-reaching
influence tells us about cultural appropriation,"Recently, the conversation around cultural appropriation in fashion has been unavoidable.
Headline-grabbing examples of questionable borrowing abound: In January, fashion house Comme des Garçons was lambasted for
sending predominantly white models down the runway in cornrow wigs, while last October, country singer Kacey Musgraves received
online backlash when she posted sexy photos of herself wearing a traditional Vietnamese ao dai dress on Instagram. And just last week,
Kim Kardashian was once again accused of appropriating black women's hairstyles by wearing braids at Paris Fashion Week.
 Highlights from Paris Fashion
Week,"Paris Fashion Week wasn't just about celebrating new looks this season. Coronavirus fears loomed large for visitors in the French
capital -- the last stop in a series of Fashion Weeks that kicked off in New York nearly a month ago. Many of the crowd had arrived
straight off the back of Milan Fashion Week, where cases of COVID-19 continue to surge.
Why what we look like matters more
than ever,"The modern-day mirror was invented by German chemist Justus von Liebig in 1835. While there had previously been means to
catch a glimpse of oneself, this was the first time in history that people could see a vivid and detailed reflection of their physical identity.
 How the 1% are preparing for the
apocalypse,"Say ""doomsday bunker"" and most people would imagine a concrete room filled with cots and canned goods.
"Empowering, alluring or
degenerate? The evolution of red lipstick ","In 1912 thousands of suffragettes marched past the New York salon of Elizabeth Arden. The
cosmetics brand founder, who had just opened her business two years earlier, was a supporter of women's rights, and she aligned herself
with the cause by handing out tubes of bright red lipstick to the marching women.
 Why the last man standing on the
coronavirus cruise ship never gave up,"His ship may have been to hell and back, becoming a floating coronavirus-infected prison for
passengers quarantined at port in Japan, but when the captain of the Diamond Princess cruise ship became the last person aboard to
finally step onto dry land, he looked entirely unruffled by the experience.
Why do Olympic parks keep being
abandoned?,"At the forefront of the photo, a diver leaps into azure Spanish skies, arching her body into a streamlined curve.
 The best travel photos of 2020 so
far,"A cable car rides through the sky over Kathmandu Valley.
 The world's most powerful
passport ,"The world's most powerful passport just got a makeover.
How a low-cost startup changed the
airline industry ,"As it turns 20 years old this month, JetBlue Airways is making bold moves: Ordering nearly 150 new state-of-the-art
aircraft, shaking up the most valuable international route in the world and going green in a big way.
 Airline unveils economy-class
sleeping pods ,"There are people who can sleep anywhere, any time, in any position -- including upright in an economy-class airplane
seat.
This 5-year-old paid off the lunch
balances for more than 100 fellow students,"A 5-year-old student at an elementary school in Vista, California, collected enough money to
pay off the negative lunch balances of 123 students at her school.
 Video shows dramatic rescue after
dog's leash gets stuck in elevator,"ALT HED Video shows man's dramatic rescue of his neighbor's dog
 Her work has helped thousands of
girls stay in school and finish their education,"It's something that girls and young women in western countries can't imagine: missing
school, even dropping out, because of their periods. Yet as many as half the girls in rural parts of Ethiopia miss school for reasons related
to their periods -- and that can have a devastating effect on their education and the rest of their lives.
 "South Korea 'passed the peak' of
outbreak, health minister hopes ","South Korea's top public health official hopes that the country has already gone through the worst of
the novel coronavirus outbreak that has infected thousands inside the country.
 Cases grow in the US and northern Italy goes into lockdown,"The
number of cases of the novel coronavirus has risen to more than 108,000 globally, with at least 27,000 cases outside of China, as the
economic trauma caused by the outbreak continues to impact global share markets.
 "N Korea launches 3 projectiles, South says","North Korea fired at
least one unidentified projectile Monday, according to South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff.
 The new food capital of the world,"How did Lima became one of the
best culinary destinations on Earth? Gaston Acurio, arguably the chef that made it all happen in Peru, sits down over fried squid and a
traditional ceviche to chew over this culinary success.

